[Uid] Add Generate and Inspect commands (#39883)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Uid/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

5.3.0

> -----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.3
---
```

> 5.3.0
> -----
> 
>  * added commands to generate and inspect uuid and ulid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.3
---

 * Add commands to generate and inspect Uuid's and Ulid's
```

Fabien documented how to write `CHANGELOG.md` files here, please keep a look and adjust it accordingly.

https://github.com/symfony/symfony-docs/pull/14830

Thanks 🙏
